
== README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.

== Install Redis (Ubuntu 13.04)

    sudo apt-get -y install software-properties-common
    sudo add-apt-repository ppa:chris-lea/redis-server
    sudo apt-get update
    sudo apt-get -y install redis-server

== Install Redis (Ubuntu 12.04)

    sudo apt-get -y install python-software-properties
    sudo add-apt-repository ppa:chris-lea/redis-server
    sudo apt-get update
    sudo apt-get -y install redis-server

=== Psychic fields

address city state zip_code landline_number cellular_number ssn date_of_birth emergency_contact emergency_contact_number us_citizen:boolean has_experience:boolean experience:text gift explain_gift:text age_discovered:integer reading_style:text why_work:text friends_describe:text strongest_weakest_attributes:text how_to_deal_challenging_client:text specialties:text professional_goals:text how_did_you_hear other:text

Street Address:  Text Field
City:  (All US States) Drop Down Box
Zip Code:  Text Field with Numeric Validation
Landline Number:  Text Field with Numeric Validation
Cellular Number:  (Optional)  Text Field with Numeric Validation
SS#:  Text Field with Numeric Validation
Date of Birth:  Text Field with Numeric Validation
Emergency Contact:  Text Field
Emergency Contact Number:  Text Field with Numeric Validation
US Citizen?:  Yes / No Radio Button
Method to Attach and Upload Resume:  File Upload Field
Do you have any experience working professionally as a Psychic?  Yes / No Radio Button
Please list your Psychic experience below:  Text Box
What type of gift do you use to provide readings?  Text Box
Explain your gift.  Text Box
How old were you when you discovered your ability?  (All Age) Drop Down Box
What is your reading style?  Text Box
Why do you want to work for IHP?  Text Box
How would your friends and coworkers describe you?  Text Box
What are your strongest and weakest attributes?  Text Box
How would you deal with a client who is challenging?   Text Box
What are your specialties?  Text Box
What tools do you use?  Text Box
What are some of your professional goals?  Text Box
How did you hear about this opportunity?  (Search Engine, Social Network Sites, TV, Radio, Referral, Other) Drop Down Box

(Other) Text Field

=== Font awesome

  <%= stylesheet_link_tag    "http://netdna.bootstrapcdn.com/font-awesome/3.0.2/css/font-awesome.css" %>
